01/README.md, before:

# Day One: Not Quite Lisp

Santa was hoping for a white Christmas, but his weather machine's "snow" function is powered by stars, and he's fresh out! To save Christmas, he needs you to collect fifty stars by December 25th.

Collect stars by helping Santa solve puzzles. Two puzzles will be made available on each day in the Advent calendar; the second puzzle is unlocked when you complete the first. Each puzzle grants one star. Good luck!

Here's an easy puzzle to warm you up.

Santa is trying to deliver presents in a large apartment building, but he can't find the right floor - the directions he got are a little confusing. He starts on the ground floor (floor 0) and then follows the instructions one character at a time.

An opening parenthesis, (, means he should go up one floor, and a closing parenthesis, ), means he should go down one floor.

The apartment building is very tall, and the basement is very deep; he will never find the top or bottom floors.

For example:

(()) and ()() both result in floor 0.
((( and (()(()( both result in floor 3.
))((((( also results in floor 3.
()) and ))( both result in floor -1 (the first basement level).
))) and )())()) both result in floor -3.

To what floor do the instructions take Santa?

## Naming Conventions
Any functions or variables will be named in flat case (for example: *int numbertwo*), unless said variable is a constant, then it will be in CONSTANT_CASE (*const int 
MAX_SIZE).

## Architecture


## Language
I'm using C for the reasoning that this problem seems very simple, and relies expressly on arrays and strings.

Commit message:

elevator.c and elevator.cc updated for Part Two
Part two was much simpler for this, just had to check when floor = -1
for the first time, then print the index + 1.

01/README.md, after:

# Day One: Not Quite Lisp

Santa was hoping for a white Christmas, but his weather machine's "snow" function is powered by stars, and he's fresh out! To save Christmas, he needs you to collect fifty stars by December 25th.

Collect stars by helping Santa solve puzzles. Two puzzles will be made available on each day in the Advent calendar; the second puzzle is unlocked when you complete the first. Each puzzle grants one star. Good luck!

Here's an easy puzzle to warm you up.

Santa is trying to deliver presents in a large apartment building, but he can't find the right floor - the directions he got are a little confusing. He starts on the ground floor (floor 0) and then follows the instructions one character at a time.

An opening parenthesis, (, means he should go up one floor, and a closing parenthesis, ), means he should go down one floor.

The apartment building is very tall, and the basement is very deep; he will never find the top or bottom floors.

For example:

(()) and ()() both result in floor 0.
((( and (()(()( both result in floor 3.
))((((( also results in floor 3.
()) and ))( both result in floor -1 (the first basement level).
))) and )())()) both result in floor -3.

To what floor do the instructions take Santa?

There's also a part two that asks for the first time Santa enters the basement.

## Naming Conventions
Any functions or variables will be named in flat case (for example: *int numbertwo*), unless said variable is a constant, then it will be in CONSTANT_CASE (*const int 
MAX_SIZE).

## Language
I'm using C for the reasoning that this problem seems very simple, and relies expressly on arrays and strings. At least, that's what I would say if my original answer ended
up actually working. C++ nor C ended up completely correct.
